You can also kill Cangxue Group
I've been chasing you for three years
In the end, you still like this fool
If I give you another face, you will be shameless.
Then don't blame me for being ruthless
Then I don't mind getting Ye Jiang removed from Qingzhou either
kid
Do you know who you are talking to?
Do you need to know?
You may not know
I can also tell you generously
In Qinzhou, my Ye family is heaven
To be an enemy of my Ye family is to go against the sky
Heaven Defying Death
Death to the Sky Defector
die
Die now
Did you see it?
Enemy with my Ye family
This is what happens.
Pass it on
In Qinzhou in the future
There is no place for this waste anymore
Here we go.
Where are you going?
Mu Qianxue
I'll tell you what.
You have to get married today
You have to marry if you don't marry
Or you can try
Break through this Qinzhou sky
Even if your Ye family is really the god of Love State
I can also change him
And you're not.
Hahahahaha
I didn't expect him to be more than just a fool
Or paranoid?
My father is Qinzhou Mianjianglong
Master the lifeblood of the business world
My mother is also a Qinzhou patrol envoy
In Qinzhou
Except for the governor, my Ye family is the largest
What are you?
It is also worthy of changing Qinzhou
Break his limbs for me
Let him know.
If you go against me, you stop
I see who dares